we will revise the language with this is a
special table for those who
like to draw or design can do
tables or add the original partners
Andhra studios seek to find
information about the tablet and
also the applications that we can
install to give you an acquaintance here
have people we found the table that
let's leave it isolated by movement
here we have in installation with the
manual
and a guide how to install it in those that
we can also use it as the
cable to connect it to the computer to the
obama management and meetings to change
to when it is necessary the first thing that
they will do is install the software
dongbu and connect the usb cable to
computer me more then you should know that
the table has marked an area where
let's use it because sometimes with the
mouse we usually press on a place and
go back to continue but you're like
outside the desk area so we can
continue on the track and half is also going to
be in the middle of the desk if yes what
we put in a corner is also going to
see in the corner if we go back it's going to
return will not continue in the same
place does not need to press much
the pen against the tablet so you can
work can only sustain it from 3 to
5 millimeters and we see how it moves
also to right click
press the top button and
we found the options
here we have the software that we have
installed where we are going to find
various applications and the tutorial that
will serve as a guide and help for
learn to use the ink pen
digital draw and paint
as I told you here we have different
applications but we can also
download more bamboo collection
the entire collection are all
applications that we can use some
that others are recommended to play
to create documents or paint and other
that are utility like wing touch that
seems to be the ideal complement of
Facebook
we have downloaded some
applications like this game where
we must free the bird
for that we must make circles or
square circles are made
pressing the tip of the pencil and the
squares tracing the
we also have an application here
to edit photographs and images cycle
shopper draw smoke call paint
can even insert images of those
computers do not have to create new ones
let's import one
here as we see is a pretty problem
similar to photoshop although we see a
little more limited but we have enough
tools like those that can attack
neither is it to clone the state of
text text héctor one
brush tool to make your
jobs around here we have also is
to modify the image of our
Nice to meet you with our girl
doing some things to get some
really weird things or followers
photographs but you who we are
experts will be able to do what they are
crave
another of the applications that we have
found in the software is a call
double cross that allows us to draw
I imagine you will love those
people who liked to make their
creations in the computer and sometimes not
You can do it with the help of the mouse
remember that this pencil
allows them to draw lines according to the
way how they press it for example if
I want to make a very strong stroke
I keep pressed
while that is to do more prayer instead
if I want to make a thin line
I simply do
well and this is quite practical I imagine
for people who know how to draw the truth
shared I do not know much about this either
but you do what you left
as I was telling you a moment ago,
designated area here is the area of ​​the
screen if we place ourselves in any
of the areas we will not be able to draw
because we would have to get right
where is the paper
and one more application that we are going to
show is this call animator
feed them present second version is
an application that the second we've
seen allows us to be just like your
name says animations here we
we have created one but you can
do the same action applies in the
animation here have the two grades by
example this one
what is a beach a forest even the
space because he has the tools
to make your pencil strokes push the
colors that they want to use they choose them
here
in this case we will have yellow
the notes
but we in a crusader so
let's load one of the projects that
we have done
to reproduce it they have to go to
playback
and choose the speed
let's move the vibration to be
here
and four blocks per second
It's pretty fun and it's not required
be a cartoonist to do what
you do
and you are more skillful with the
drawings can already do more things
interesting and share them because here
they always share those and the fape and
a permission to share your video in the
wacom channel from youtube
well these have been some of the
applications that we have been able to prove in
the time we have had on the tablet
remember that
in the work area so essential
they have to get used to this so
other is quite practical is like a
mouse works from a bus you can use them
with any application actually
even with word
if you want to insert this one hand
they just have to make the strokes
I'm writing and it's going to come out
the word is sometimes necessary another
sometimes not so much but I imagine that everything
it depends how we trace the girls the
words
all that for example as it would be very good
what you think write so
It all depends on how you use the
not only can they insert text
from this box but they can also
do it using an application called
and your fish layman which can
download from the wacom website that
will allow annotations in any
file type you have to excel
even from the 2007 version for
ahead so it would be a matter of that
Logically the annotations
that they are going to leave freehand goes to
be like history and being on a
notebook with the help of this pencil
then friends that has been all in this
review the truth that we thought was a
interesting tablet for certain kind of
public, I do not think that everyone
very comfortable but there is a segment that
if you are going to find it quite attractive
Until another chance